Added math.lerp to the math library documentation (#38)
luau-lang/site: _pages/library.md

Given the significand and a binary exponent, returns a number `s * 2^e`.

```
function math.lerp(a: number, b: number, t: number): number
```

> Linearly interpolated between number value a and b using factor t, returns a number `a + (b - a) * t`.
> Note if t is equal to 1 b will be returned rather than executing the calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linearly interpolated between number value `a` and `b` using factor `t`, generally returning the result of `a + (b - a) * t`.
When `t` is exactly `1`, the value of `b` will be returned instead.
```
